Update validation criteria and tidy repository (#10)
eficode-academy/rf-katas: exercises/05-negative_testing.md

# Negative testing

> So far we have tested only "happy cases", which are test cases that proves that the feature is working as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far we have tested only "happy cases", which are test cases that prove the feature is working as
```

> intended, when the user knows what they should do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intended: when the user knows what they should do.
```

> Let's focus on negative testing, which means testing the application behaviour when the user makes an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's focus on negative testing, which means testing the application behaves correctly when the user makes an error.
```

In this case it means that the user types incorrect credentials.

Think about different ways to mistype username and password combinations and write them on some file. Have at least 6 different combinations of incorrect credentials.

Checkout also Robot Framework built-in variables: http://robotframework.org/robotframework/latest/RobotFrameworkUserGuide.html#built-in-variables

> After you've finished your list let's start testing one of those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've finished your list let's start implementing one of those.
```

Create a new file `invalid_login.robot` under `robot` folder.

Create a test case `Error Page Should Be Visible After Incorrect Login` into the `invalid_login.robot`.
Copy-paste the `Open Browser To Login Page`, `Enter Username`, `Enter Password`, and `Submit Login Form`

> keywords from `login.robot` into `invalid_login.robot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords from `login.robot` into `invalid_login.robot`. Normally we would not copy-paste keywords around; we will see later on how to achieve this while keeping ourselves [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself).
```

> Remember to also create a keyword `Verify That Error Page Is Visible`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to also create the keyword `Verify That Error Page Is Visible`.
```

Run the test with `robot robot/invalid_login.robot` command to verify the results.

In this exercise the task is to only test one of the six combinations you thought of earlier. However,

> there are at least six possible combinations. Creating a new keyword for all those cases is kind of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there is at least six possible combinations. Creating a new keyword for all those cases is kind of a
```

> waste, since the only changing part is the input. This is were keyword arguments come into play. Keyword

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unnecessary repetition, since the only changing part is the input. This is were keyword arguments come into play. Keyword
```

arguments work just like your variables in the `*** Variables ***` table, except that by best practice

> keyword arguments are implemented lower case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keyword arguments are written with lower case.
```

Define keyword arguments to `Enter Username` and `Enter Password`
by putting `[Arguments]` after the keyword name, just like you did with test

> `[Setup]` and `[Teardown]` for a test case in [exercise 04](./04-setups_and_teardowns.md). After these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[Setup]` and `[Teardown]` for a test case in [exercise 04](./04-setups_and_teardowns.md). After these steps,
```

> you need four spaces and the name of your argument, so in the end you will have something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need four spaces and the name of your argument, resulting in:
```
